[Music]
get ready to dress for success yessiree
guys it's all the style rules that every
man should know wait specific choose for
certain colored suits six ways to tie a
scarf there are rules to men's fashions
well yeah if you want to be a truly
stylish gentleman no matter what the
occasion listen up fellas here we go a
real gentleman suit the main thing that
every man needs to know is that it's not
enough just to buy a suit you have to be
able to wear it properly so let's pay
attention to several important details
jackets can be pretty tricky and there
are actually specific rules regarding
buttons it's fine to sometimes button
the top button but the bottom one must
always be left undone as for the middle
button it should be fastened at all
times if you're getting a single
breasted suit which is the most common
type it can be any color but with
double-breasted suits try to avoid
bright colors and always keep the jacket
buttoned up even when you're sitting
down don't forget about your
handkerchief here's the correct way to
fold it
[Music]
how to make sure a suit fits you
properly the main thing is to avoid
getting the wrong size
make sure the suit isn't too small or
too big the jacket sleeves shouldn't
reveal too much of your shirt cuffs or
cover up too much of your hand you
definitely don't want the suit pants to
be high waters but they shouldn't be so
long as they bunch up over your shoe
[Music]
shirt and tie when choosing your outfit
always start with a shirt not the time
start by picking a main color for your
shirt there's an important rule here the
main color of the tie should contrast
with the shirt and the secondary color
should complete it it's also a good idea
to combine different kinds of fabrics
and patterns as for tying the perfect
knot here's how you do it
[Music]
some practical advice never push your
sleeves up so it looks like you're
wearing an accordion on each arm roll
your cuffs up correctly and elegantly
like this pants now pants can make or
break your look so you need to be
especially careful when choosing them
they come in different lengths
full break half break quarter break and
no break
hey how about spring break well it's up
to you to choose one to your liking
[Music]
shoes your shoes should be chosen
according to the color and style of your
suit a black suit can only be worn with
black shoes if your suit is navy blue
choose black brown or burgundy dress
shoes a dark grey suit is perfectly
complemented with black or burgundy
shoes as for light grey suits go for
black light brown or burgundy ships a
cream colored or beige suit looks good
with light brown or white shoes how to
choose the right shoes for any occasion
if you need dress shoes for work or
business meetings pick Oxford or Derby
shoes well first look nice as well we
need casual shoes for socializing and
going out with your buddies moccasins
two-tones leather boots loafers or
sandals are both stylish and comfortable
just choose one depending on the weather
chucks and sneakers are a good choice
for everyday use go for special athletic
types if you're working out or playing
some sport
boots come in a variety of styles some
of them are made for hiking others are
better for work and some types are just
meant to look cool
yeah socks every stylish man knows the
importance of choosing the right color
socks for example white socks can only
go with athletic shoes thin monotone
socks are for dress shoes and a true
gentleman knows that the color of your
dress socks should match your suit pants
if you're wearing shorts you can only
put socks on if you're going to the gym
try to avoid any wacky prints or at
least if you're leaving the house and
finally always keep an extra pair of new
socks at home clothes you can never go
wrong with if you're not sure what to
put on you can't go wrong with a dress
shirt and a v-neck sweater they look
good on anybody
you can also spice it up and change the
color combinations every day speaking of
color combos acceptable color
combinations there are certain colors
that complement each other nicely others
will clash and look tacky now you can
never go wrong with white as the main
color of your outfit both light and dark
tones will go with it as for other
colors combine them as follows beige
with black brown red or green sky-blue
with brown dark green dark purple red
and beige pink with purple beige sky
blue and navy blue
yellow with black brown sky blue and
navy blue orange really orange with
white yellow black and dark green black
with white beige and other light tones
but not pastels brown with white beige
black red and dark green navy blue with
white beige yellow red and green dark
green with white beige sky-blue yellow
navy blue and black red with white beige
sky-blue navy blue black and brown
purple with white beige sky blue pink
blue and brown
[Music]
here's garments that are best avoided
tight jeans can make your legs look too
skinny baggy t-shirts always look sloppy
shirts with a deep v-neck will give you
a giraffe neck if you're a size 10 or
bigger steer clear of chucks you might
look clownish now here's six ways to tie
a scarf really who knew there were so
many stylish ways to tie a scarf the
city slicker the sophisticate
The Ivy Leaguer the professor the artist
The Weekender hairstyles a proper
gentleman chooses his hairstyle
according to his face shape if you have
a round face keep most of the volume on
top those with a square face should
choose classic need haircuts with short
layers and a side part a rectangular
face shape looks good with well
proportioned hairstyles there shouldn't
be too much hair on top and not too
short on the sides diamond-shaped faces
will look best when surrounded by mid
length hair swept to the side men with
triangular faces should opt for longer
styles with messy bangs an oval face
will look best if the hair is kept off
the forehead and with more volume on top
as for popular hairstyles nowadays you
can try an undercut the sides and nape
of the neck are completely shaved and
the hair on top is longer and combed
back this cut suits any hair type a
manbot ah the style that shattered
gender stereotypes about who can and who
can't wear a ponytail all the hair is
tied up on the back of the head a top
knot it's a little hard to pull this one
off but if you can manage to it always
looks stylish a fave you can probably
guess by the name the hair here is
longer on top and slowly fades and gets
shorter the closer you get to the neck
or you can never go wrong with the
classics a side part this style is
timeless the hair
come smoothly to the side a pompadour
here the hair is brushed back from the
forehead and stands up slightly the
temples in the back of the head should
be shaved short a crew-cut
this is a gradual transition from longer
hair on top to shorter hair on the nape
and temples so are you feeling styling
now do you know any other secrets to
mens style let us know in the comments
below share this video with your friends
and remember to hit the like button
subscribe to our Channel we have tons of
videos about everything you want to know
on the bright side of life
[Music]